Husband, husband, don’t do this. dad,
dad. Husband, I was wrong.
For the sake of how many years we have been husband and wife,
Please spare me. Nothing happened before we came to you.
From now on, we will still be a loving couple.
I was wrong, I was wrong,
We will still be a loving couple from now on.
Dad, everything is done by mom.
Never mind my business. dad,
Don't fuck me and leave. I regard you as my biological father.
Yes, sir. It turns out that he regards you as his biological father.
Mom, you are confused.
Are you unhappy and want to be your father's wife?
Where is the face now?
I'm begging dad for forgiveness.
What do you mean
Don't blame me
I am the eldest lady of the business family.
She lost her heart early when she was older
Why do you have to shave your head?
You two brothers, Ye Guoqiang
You and the others owe me harm
How dare you worry about coming to me?
You are looking at my wife
I look like your wife